Hello guys in the last lesson we learn about the archive that P2P file.
Now you know that it's used when visitors request post by category for tag or date.
I started reading this file even Sublime Text or in your favorite editor are going to create a new file
and call it archive.
PH be of course to speed things up a bit.
Let's copy the contents of the index that BHP file taken care to replace the class for the main div
tag that include a class called archive.
But of course that may be whatever name you want.
And here the name of the content file is going to be content hyphen archive.
That page be let's create this file inside the corresponding folder.
And to speed up to copy what's inside the content that BGP file.
Let's replace the content function with the excerpt and just make the view a little different from the
other views.
Let's remove the category from here and I start off the test then.
Let's open up our thing.
Go to the blog page and we're going to click on one of the months that we have here in the sidebar as
you can see when we click on a specific month.
We have only news from the month corresponding to the one we clicked on.
Well that's correct.
But let's make that a little better.
We can create for example tie to above the post that will be showing the name of the month.
So the visitor will not be lost and this should also be useful for our third category.
And that pages is called a WordPress function here.
Before starting the if else block this time the function is going to be the archive title this function
allows us to pass to formatting parameters that are email text reading which text will stay the first
parameter is the opening tag.
Let's use an H1 heading tag.
The archive title class
and the second is the closing tag
save and see what happens.
OK.
Fantastic.
Now we have the name of the month and this will greatly help people who are visiting a website that
uses the learned W.P. theme Arfin And I think we can do is also load the archive description.
This will not work everywhere just in categories and tag pages but it can be of help in some occasions.
So let's call the function down here and its name is the archive description
as go to the admin area and add a description in one of our categories.
And now when we click on one of the links in this category we see that we now have the description aswell
codes in it.
I also think that sex alent.
Now just a complete example.
Let's see if everything's working.
Oh so when we click on another link or attack I go ahead and pick your own the author link and look
at big file load that is archived on page B.
That's correct.
And I also got the description just above.
Now a tag same thing that is everything's working perfectly and it has to agree with me.
That wasn't so hard.
Great but I have a challenge for you.
How about making your thing even more specialized to do this.
You need to create the three specialized templates files that you didn't create in this lesson.
Remember those files are optional.
That's why I won't be creating them with you but they can make your theme much more interesting.
It's pretty easy.
All you need is to create a file called tag dot page.
Another one called category dot page.
And the last file called date that you can copy the contents of the index that be and content that speech
be as I did in this lesson.
Just be careful to modify the names of the tags OK as you do this exercise.
Checking the plugin if the template name changes your goal is to make the template file name changes
to tag that BHB category that page B and they start page.
So I'll see it again in the next lesson.
Happy coding.